Welcome back in this lecture we're going to do an overview of the assessment for this section of the
course.
Let's open up the deep learning computer vision assessment notebook and do a quick overview.
All right here we have opened the notebook.
The LCB assessment and your challenge is to build an image classifier with carers and convolutional
neural networks on what's known as the fashion and this data set this data set includes 10 labels of
different clothing types and similar to the emd the state is set for numbers.
These are 28 by 28 greyscale images and there's a training set of 60000 images and 10000 test images.
So you can see here the labels 01 all the way through nine and the description.
So their T-shirts pullovers shoes sneakers bags et cetera.
So go ahead and load the data.
Here's the code to load it.
We went ahead and left that for you then you'll be visualizing the data.
So I wanted to use Map live to view an image from the data set.
It can be any image from a dataset.
So here's an example one you can clearly see here that does some sort of boots or sneaker.
We want to preprocess the data so you should normalize the X-rays and X test data set by dividing by
the max value of the image arrays.
Then you should reshape the X-rays to include a fourth dimension of the single channel.
Similar to what we did for the numbers and this data set.
Then convert the white train and white test values to be 100 coded for categorical analysis by care.
So that will be the two categorical function that we imported.
They don't want you to build a model.
And so using KERS I want you to build a model where we have a two day convolutional with filters 32
and kernel size of four by four.
A pooling layer where they're pulling sizes two by two a flattened layer then a layer of 128 neurons
and a final that's layer a 10 year olds.
Keep in mind these are just my suggestions.
You can feel free to experiment and you can check out the summary here in case you want an X for reference.
Then train and fit the model to the train set the number of epoxies is up to you.
In this example we train to 10 epochs and we're able to get around 95 percent accuracy.
Then you should evaluate the model.
So at the end you should be able to show the accuracy precision.
Recall an F1 score the model achieved on the X test data.
So there's lots of ways to do this.
You can check out and follow pretty much the same procedure was shown in the very first lecture you
should get something that more or less ends up looking like this.
OK.
So best of luck on this assessment.
Try not to reference the notes as much as you can but if you do get stuck feel free to reference the
previous lectures or if you really get stuck just go to the next lecture or we go over the solution
a reference that as a coatl on thanks and we'll see at the next lecture where we go over the solutions.